Quick, send to the hospital!
It hurts the audience,
Ours goes to the hospital now!
Come on, right! It seems that Zhongan’s mobile phone was taken away by a doctor.
Don't do it here! It's the wrong person!
Get it yourself!
It’s the wrong person’s fault! I took it myself! It’s the wrong person’s fault! I still need to go to the back!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah
Don't worry, I'll go to Tang Hospital first.
You clean it up and put it on again
Let's go, hurry up
I can't wait
Help me clean things up
stalk a woman
Do I have something to do?
Put it down. Don't move my hand. Go ahead.
You are really kind-hearted
They're all dead to the point of death
Still thinking about sharing the letter with Storm?
But he is famous for his cleverness
Follow your plan
But it hurt half the subordinates
I won't allow him first
I will keep my mind in mind again
As for women in the middle of the night, they will be punished
Ah this
what do you look at
Ah, I'm the one who got screwed
This will be very less, no less, no less.
This will be very difficult to reduce
This will reduce